Friends, a lot of people ask a lot of queries.  I want to
work in very big businesses.  But
sometimes you have to start with a small business.  The
beginning is always small.  Gradually, by
maintaining continuity in it and
following the same system for a long run, you
can expand that business.  Yes friends,
yes, I am talking about the booming sector
whose name is health insurance sector.  And the
biggest and best company in this health insurance sector is
ICC LBA
General Insurance Company.  In this,
opportunity to become a health insurance agent
is available.  This is not any kind of job.
Here, whoever works for you and
sells policies, you will get a commission of 15% to 40% and along with
this, you will get a renewal commission of
15% plus international and domestic tours.  The
entire process is online.
We teach people in 100% digital working.
You will get all the knowledge training free of cost in eight to ten training months.
And friends, if you are a professional
in any work and want to explain health insurance to people
that if you
want to come into the profession, then this work is only
for you.  Don't delay.
Write on WhatsApp how to become an IC Lab Health Agent.
I will generally help you.  Hello
Yogendra Baba.